Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

Except as contained in this notice, the names of above-listed
copyright holders and the names of any contributors shall not be used
in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings
in this Software without prior written authorization.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Alternatively, this software may be distributed under the terms of the
GNU General Public License ("GPL") version 2 as published
by the Free Software Foundation.

As a special exception, if other files instantiate templates or use
macros or inline functions from this file, or you compile this file
and link it with other works to produce a work based on this file,
this file does not by itself cause the resulting work to be covered by
the GNU General Public License. However the source code for this file
must still be made available in accordance with section (3) of the GNU
General Public License.

This exception does not invalidate any other reasons why a work based
on this file might be covered by the GNU General Public License.
